crag migration guide, include a schedule example with a decorated func (#4547)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content-crag/guides/dagster/graph_job_op.mdx

The same pattern works for sensors.

### A pipeline with a config and a schedule

With the pipeline APIs, if you want to schedule runs with a pre-defined config, you need to do something like this:

```python file=/guides/dagster/graph_job_op/pipeline_with_schedule_return_config.py
from dagster import pipeline, schedule, solid

@solid(config_schema={"param": str})
def do_something(_):
    ...

@pipeline
def do_it_all():
    do_something()

@schedule(cron_schedule="0 0 * * *", pipeline_name="do_it_all")
def do_it_all_schedule():

>     return {"solids": {"do_something": {"config": {"param": "some_val"}}}}

Reviewer: If the config is hardcoded, it's probably preferable to supply the config when invoking `to_job`.  I think the main use case for setting the config inside the schedule body is when the config depends on the execution time (in the context).

The same pattern works for sensors.

> ### A pipeline with a config and a schedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### A pipeline with config and a schedule
```

> With the pipeline APIs, if you want to schedule runs with a pre-defined config, you need to do something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the pipeline APIs, if you want to schedule runs with config that depends on the scheduled execution time, you need to do something like this:
```
